CampX is an application that allows you to view campgrounds with a short description, they can book them.Once you login or signup you can begin to create your own campgrounds that includes a title, image address, short description, location, reviews, etc.
This project is inspired from a website yelp.com and zomato, this site has pages devoted to individual locations, such as restaurants or schools, where Yelp users can submit a review of their products or services. The more and more people that use CampX, the better the credibility of the reviews and ability to point camp seekers in the right direction.

JavaScript dictates the behavior of a page. JavaScript manipulates both the CSS styles and HTML attributes of a page, changing content and the way things look when a user interacts with it.

EJS is a simple templating language that lets you generate HTML markup with plain JavaScript. No religiousness about how to organize things. No reinvention of iteration and control-flow. It's just plain JavaScript. fast friendly and easy development.Debugging easy bcs errors are mostly JS exceptions with template line number provided and messages are essy to undestand.

node js official documentation=
Node.js is a platform built on Chrome's JavaScript runtime for easily building fast and scalable network applications. Node.js uses an event-driven, non-blocking I/O model that makes it lightweight and efficient, perfect for data-intensive real-time applications that run across distributed devices.

in simple words it is  an open source, cross-platform runtime environment for developing server-side and networking applications. Node.js applications are written in JavaScript, and can be run within the Node.js runtime on OS X, Microsoft Windows, and Linux.

Node.js also provides a rich library of various JavaScript modules which simplifies the development of web applications using Node.js to a great extent.

Express.js, or simply Express, is a web application framework for Node.js, released as free and open-source software under the MIT License. It is designed for building web applications and APIs.[1] It is in fact the standard server framework for Node.js.
The original author, TJ Holowaychuk, described it as a Sinatra-inspired server,[3] meaning that it is relatively minimal with many features available as plugins. Express is the backend part of the MEAN stack, together with MongoDB database and AngularJS frontend framework. Express.js basically helps you manage everything, from routes, to handling requests and views.	

MongoDB is a free and open-source cross-platform document-oriented database program. Classified as a NoSQL database program, MongoDB uses JSON-like documents with schemas
Mongoose provides a straight-forward, schema-based solution to model your application data. It includes built-in type casting, validation, query building, business logic hooks and more, out of the box.